Add CHANGELOG (#48)
mindvalley/wukong-cli: README.md

</div>

<div align="center">

>   <img alt="Wukong CLI" src="./.github/img/wukong_logo.png" width="200" height="200" >

Reviewer: it is better to show the logo on the top, and still show the cli help screenshot here

* Currently the Jenkins sometimes does not return the list of changes during build, so the CLI is not able to determine the CHANGELOG properly. We are working on a solution in the future release.  

> ## IMPORTANT !!
> 
> The latest release of Wukong CLI contains several breaking changes. User must upgrade to the latest version, which is at least `0.0.4-beta1` in order to continue using the Wukong CLI. Please follow the below instructions:
> 
> ```
> # Check the current version of Wukong CLI.  
> $ wukong --version
> 
> # If your version is < 0.0.4-beta1.  
> $ brew update  
> $ brew upgrade wukong  
> 
> # Confirm that you're on version >= 0.0.4-beta1.  
> $ wukong --version
> wukong 0.0.4-beta1
> 
> # Delete the current config.  
> $ rm ~/.config/wukong/config.toml
> 
> # Re-init the Wukong CLI.  
> $ wukong init
> ```
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## IMPORTANT !!

The latest release of Wukong CLI contains several breaking changes. Users must upgrade to the latest version, which is at least `0.0.4-beta1` in order to continue using the Wukong CLI. If you are using Wukong version < `0.0.4-beta1`, please follow the below instructions:

```
# Check the current version of Wukong CLI.  
$ wukong --version

# If your version is < 0.0.4-beta1.  
$ brew update  
$ brew upgrade wukong  

# Confirm that you're on version >= 0.0.4-beta1.  
$ wukong --version
wukong 0.0.4-beta1

# Delete the current config.  
$ rm ~/.config/wukong/config.toml

# Re-init the Wukong CLI.  
$ wukong init
```

```
